foi B-positive
gras I-positive

endroit B-negative

glace B-neutral

lieu B-positive

ambiance B-positive


service B-negative
jeune B-negative
homme I-negative

pizza B-neutral
capricioza I-neutral

service B-positive

accueil B-negative
serveurs B-positive

service B-positive
cuisine B-positive
traditionnelle I-positive

restaurant B-positive
vue B-positive
nourriture B-positive
produits B-positive


fois B-positive
gras I-positive

serveuse B-positive
plat B-positive

restaurant B-positive

restau B-positive

accueil B-positive

dorade B-positive
tartare I-positive
crevettes B-positive
cajun I-positive
gnocchi B-positive
ã I-positive
truffe I-positive
blanche I-positive
do B-positive
cabillaud I-positive

accueil B-negative

viande B-negative
canard I-negative



plat B-negative
ã I-negative
carte I-negative
vapeurs B-positive

restaurant B-positive

poisson B-negative

serveurs B-negative
patronne B-negative

endroit B-negative
nourriture B-negative
personnel B-negative
restaurant B-negative


accueil B-positive
cadre B-positive
ambiance B-positive
repas B-positive
chant B-positive


restau B-positive

frites B-positive

service B-negative

foie B-neutral
gras I-neutral
saumon B-neutral
attente B-negative
viande B-neutral
tartare B-neutral
frites B-negative

cave B-positive

service B-negative

patronne B-negative



assiettes B-negative


restaurant B-negative

magret B-negative

cadre B-positive

restaurant B-positive
service B-positive
patronne B-positive
plat B-positive
vin B-positive

escargot B-negative
entre B-negative

tartare B-negative
boeuf B-negative
viande B-negative
plat B-negative

serveuses B-negative

filet B-positive
boeuf I-positive
sauce I-positive
morilles I-positive

restaurant B-negative

temp B-negative
service B-negative

repas B-positive

cave B-positive
ã I-positive
fromage I-positive

croustade B-positive
saint I-positive
jacques I-positive
saint B-positive
jacques I-positive
sauce B-positive

repas B-positive
restaurant B-positive

nourriture B-negative


salle B-negative

chocolat I-positive

carte B-positive

plat I-positive
dessert I-positive



service B-positive
accueil B-positive

responsable B-negative


filet B-negative
vivaneau I-negative
ã I-negative
vietnamienne I-negative
sauce B-negative

serveuse B-positive

accueil B-negative
service B-negative
cuisine B-negative
buffet B-negative

salade B-negative
vin B-neutral
gratin B-neutral
ravioli I-neutral

assiettes B-positive

service B-negative

plat B-neutral

restaurant B-neutral
cuisine B-positive
gambes B-positive
agneau B-positive
accueil B-positive
vins B-positive
sicile I-positive
turbot B-neutral

pain B-negative

tarte B-negative
pommes I-negative
calva I-negative

attente B-negative
dessert B-negative
tarte B-negative
fine I-negative
pommes I-negative
glace B-negative
vanille I-negative
crãªpes B-negative

plat B-negative
plat B-negative
jour I-negative
gamba B-negative

endroit B-positive


crãªpes B-negative
galettes I-negative

foie I-negative
gras I-negative

cabanon B-positive
plage I-positive
accueil B-positive
plat B-positive
ambiance B-positive

service B-neutral

assiette B-positive
noix B-positive
sauce B-positive

crãªpe B-positive
montagnarde I-positive

cuisine B-positive


assiette B-negative

sommelier B-positive

ambiance B-positive
cadre B-positive

restaurant B-neutral

serveurs B-negative

accueil B-positive
service B-positive



souris B-negative



cadre B-positive
produits B-positive

ambiance B-neutral

carte B-negative
vins I-negative
verre B-negative
vin I-negative
patron B-negative

cuisine B-positive
produits B-positive


risotto B-negative

serveurs B-positive

terrasse B-positive

endroit B-positive

serveuse B-positive

restaurant B-negative

cadre B-positive
formule B-positive
produits B-positive

resto B-negative

viandes B-negative
chip B-negative

cocktail B-positive

plat B-negative

carte B-positive

lieu B-positive
service B-positive

moules B-negative

plat I-neutral
dessert I-neutral
montmartre B-positive

patron B-negative
service B-negative
vin I-negative

plat B-positive

cidre B-positive

restaurant B-negative

adresse B-positive

restaurant B-negative


personnel B-positive

pizza B-neutral
plat B-negative
jour I-negative

plat B-positive

complet B-positive
samourai B-positive
bigban B-positive

table B-positive

serveur B-negative

nourriture B-negative
poisson B-negative
plat B-negative
moules I-negative
dessert B-negative
service B-negative

carte B-positive
serveurs B-negative

classiques B-negative
lyonnais I-negative

endroit B-positive


restaurant B-negative

pizza B-positive

pression I-negative

patron B-positive


accueil B-positive

cuisine B-positive


cadre B-negative

service B-negative
nourriture B-negative

lieu B-positive

rapport B-positive
excellent I-positive

accueil B-negative

accueil B-negative

patronne B-negative

cadre B-positive
cuisine B-neutral

sauce B-negative
roquefort I-negative

frites I-negative

choses B-negative

attente B-negative

cuisine B-positive
linguini B-positive

bar B-negative
restaurant I-negative


brasserie B-neutral


cadre B-positive

salle B-negative

cadre B-positive
personnel B-positive

pizza B-positive

terasse B-positive

personnel B-positive

plat B-neutral

restaurant B-neutral

personnel B-negative

vin B-neutral

produits B-positive

plat B-neutral
jour I-neutral
gratin B-negative

plat B-positive
menu B-positive
jour I-positive
soupe B-positive
poi I-positive
capuchino I-positive
cuisine B-positive

cuisine B-positive
truffes B-positive

plat B-negative

repas B-negative
viande B-negative

restaurant B-neutral
chaine I-neutral

bagel B-positive
place B-positive

adresse B-positive

restaurant B-positive
pizza B-positive
salade B-positive
terasse B-positive

port B-positive
marseille I-positive

frites B-negative
plat B-neutral

pizza B-negative

patron B-positive

personnel B-negative


service B-positive

service B-negative
plat B-negative

accueil B-positive
serveur B-positive
attente B-positive

carte B-neutral


poissons B-positive

cuisine B-positive
serveuse B-positive

ã I-negative
touristes I-negative

couscous B-positive
tajines B-positive
vin B-positive
rouge I-positive
marocain I-positive
personnel B-positive
ã I-positive
menthe I-positive

ambiance B-positive
promenade B-positive
service B-positive

assiettes B-positive

quartier B-positive
restaurant B-positive
cuisine B-positive

boulettes B-positive
brochette B-positive

tiramisu B-positive
a I-positive
fraise I-positive

accueil B-positive
cadre B-positive

terrasse B-positive
quartier B-positive

saumon B-negative
serveuse B-negative

farandole B-negative
dessert I-negative

restaurant B-negative



nourriture B-negative

ambiance B-negative

bistrot B-positive
cuisine B-positive

poulpe B-negative

repas B-positive
tour B-positive
eiffel I-positive

salle B-negative

plat B-negative

loup B-negative
mer I-negative
fraichement I-negative
ratatouille I-negative
huile I-negative
agrumes I-negative
herbes I-negative

boissons B-negative
dessert B-negative
canette B-negative
coca I-negative

portion B-negative


cuisine B-negative

chef B-negative
rang I-negative

plat B-neutral
galette B-neutral
jour I-neutral

plat B-neutral
produits B-positive


pizza B-negative

cuisine B-positive

service B-negative

restaurant B-positive

restaurant B-positive

restaurant B-negative

produits B-positive

cadre B-positive

burger B-positive

cadre B-positive


restaurant B-negative
restaurateur B-negative

cocotte B-negative
moule I-negative


menu B-positive
cadre B-positive
service B-negative

repas B-negative

serveurs B-positive



attente B-negative

restaurant B-positive


repas B-positive

onglet B-negative
foie B-negative
veau I-negative
sauce B-negative
marron I-negative
echalotes I-negative

resto B-positive

vin B-negative
verre I-negative
bouteille B-negative
bouteille I-negative

cuisine B-positive
restaurant B-positive

plat B-positive

langue B-positive
båuf I-positive

plat B-negative

carte B-neutral
vins I-neutral

accueil B-positive

coctails B-positive



accueil B-positive
cadre B-positive


viandes B-positive
bavette B-positive

repas B-positive





cuisine B-positive
lieu B-positive
service B-positive

carte B-negative

endroit B-positive
assiette B-positive
vins B-positive

restaurant B-positive

restaurant B-positive


endroit B-positive
site B-positive

patronne B-negative

accueil B-positive
service B-negative

cadre B-positive
serveuses B-positive

produits B-positive

attente B-negative


restaurant B-negative

produits B-negative

moules B-negative


service B-neutral

pizza B-negative

escalope B-negative
milanaise I-negative

place B-neutral
bareuzay I-neutral
terrasse B-positive

serveurs B-positive

service B-positive


serveuses B-positive

serveur B-negative

plat B-positive

serveur B-negative

piscines B-negative
champagne I-negative

suggestion B-neutral
chef I-neutral
couscous B-positive

cuisine B-positive


terrasse B-positive
personnel B-positive
cuisine B-positive

restaurant B-positive

cassolette B-positive
moules I-positive
boudin B-positive

restaurant B-negative

plat B-negative

restaurant B-negative

cadre B-positive

rumsteack I-negative

patron B-negative

restaurant B-positive


mousse B-negative
chocolat I-negative

adresse B-positive
sauce B-positive
vin B-positive

plat B-positive
dessert B-positive

serveur B-negative

menu B-neutral
restaurant B-positive

bistrot B-positive

restau B-negative
produits B-negative

pizza B-negative


formules B-positive


service B-negative
serveuses B-negative
galette B-negative
åuf I-negative
jambon I-negative
fromage I-negative

endroit B-positive

service B-negative
pizza B-negative

restaurant B-negative

attente B-negative
serveurs B-negative

repas B-negative

resto B-negative

burger B-positive

assiette B-negative

repas B-positive
lieu B-negative

restaurant B-positive

adresse B-positive

attente B-negative

viande B-negative

restaurant B-negative

quartier B-positive
cadre B-positive

frites B-negative
bavette B-negative

fraisier B-negative


plat B-negative
viande B-negative
pomme B-negative
terre I-negative
courgette B-negative
salade B-negative
plat B-negative
sauce B-positive
vin I-positive

dorade B-negative
champagne I-negative

resto B-positive
produits B-positive
plat B-positive
carte B-neutral

ambiance B-positive

crãªperie B-negative

accueil B-negative

repas B-negative
serveuse B-negative

accueil B-negative
service B-negative
plat B-negative

repas B-positive

cuisine B-neutral
chili B-negative
viandes B-negative
dessert B-negative

gourmand I-positive

produits B-positive
cuisine B-negative


nourriture B-positive

restaurant B-neutral

cave B-positive

accueil B-positive
lieu B-positive
carte B-positive


restaurant B-positive

carte B-positive
mets B-negative

serveurs B-negative
serveuses B-negative

cuisine B-positive

cuisinier B-negative
repas B-negative

plat B-negative

service B-negative

service B-negative


resto B-positive


carte B-positive


restaurant B-positive

saumon B-negative
dinde B-negative

serveur B-negative
carte B-positive
attente B-negative

cuisine B-neutral
ambiance B-positive

saint B-negative
jacques I-negative
brochette I-negative


carte B-negative

carte B-neutral

endroit B-positive

accueil B-positive

service B-positive
portion B-positive
lieux B-positive

produits B-positive

cadre B-positive

nourriture B-negative


carte B-positive

dessert B-neutral
maisons I-neutral

cuisine B-positive

cadre B-positive

serveur B-positive

portion B-negative
onglet B-negative
veau I-negative
gratin B-negative
dauphinois I-negative
sauce B-negative

restaurant B-positive
accueil B-positive
cuisine B-positive

boissons B-negative

service B-positive

salade B-negative
toast B-negative
fromage I-negative
plat B-negative


assaisonnement B-positive


personnel B-negative

menu B-negative
frites B-negative
viandes B-negative
haricot B-negative

service B-positive

restaurant B-negative



produits B-positive
accueil B-positive
service B-positive
menu B-positive
restaurant B-positive

assiette B-positive
fromage I-positive

salade B-negative

pot B-positive
chocolat I-positive

accueil B-negative
service B-negative

restaurant B-negative
service B-negative

ambiance B-positive


service B-positive
restaurant B-positive
cuisine B-positive

serveuses B-positive
serveur B-negative


plat B-positive
boucher I-positive
panna B-positive
cotta I-positive

carte B-neutral


personnel B-positive
attente B-positive


pain B-negative
serveuse B-negative


adresse B-positive

salle B-positive

pain B-positive

coquille B-neutral
saint I-neutral
jacques I-neutral

serveuse B-negative

serveuse B-negative

cocktail B-positive
barman B-positive

cuisine B-negative

wok B-negative
thai I-negative
salade B-neutral
saumon I-neutral

matronne B-neutral

lasagne B-positive
gourmand I-positive



menu B-positive
produits B-positive
assiettes B-positive
service B-positive
restaurant B-negative
accueil B-negative
vins B-negative

restaurant B-negative

personnel B-negative

vin B-positive
blanc I-positive

accueil B-positive
plat B-positive

rue B-positive

restaurant B-negative
indien I-negative

serveurs B-negative

portion B-positive
moules B-positive

plat B-positive

plat B-positive

service B-negative

adresse B-positive

repas B-positive
timing B-positive

serveuse B-negative

service B-neutral

endroit B-positive
nourriture B-positive
patron B-positive
bouteille B-positive

fruit I-negative
mer I-negative
moules B-negative
saint B-negative
jacques I-negative

dessert B-neutral

serveurs B-negative

terrasse B-positive
assiettes B-positive
poissons B-positive
service B-positive

produits B-positive

poulet B-negative
frite B-negative
saumon B-negative
riz B-negative

serveuses B-negative
serveurs I-negative

cuisine B-positive

carte B-positive

cuisine B-positive

grande B-positive
bouteilles I-positive
vins I-positive

haddock B-positive
flammekueche I-positive
canard B-positive
confis I-positive

plat B-positive
vins B-negative
ambiance B-positive
musique B-negative

serveur B-negative

serveurs B-negative





mets B-neutral
canard B-negative
tiramitsu B-negative
gaufre B-negative

viande B-negative
boeuf I-negative
frites B-negative

repas B-negative

crãªpes B-positive
pate B-positive
accompagnements B-positive

serveuse B-negative

accueil B-negative

restaurant B-negative

repas B-positive
vin B-positive
service B-positive

lieu B-positive

plat B-negative
service B-negative



dessert B-negative


produits B-positive

accueil B-negative
patronne B-negative

fruit B-negative
mer I-negative

tartare B-negative


service B-negative

carte B-positive
produits B-positive

glace B-negative

cuisine B-negative
service B-negative

synchronisation B-positive

cuisine B-negative
service B-negative


pizza B-neutral
tiramisu B-negative

verre B-negative
vin I-negative


restaurant B-positive
chef B-positive
collaborateurs I-positive

terrasse B-positive


repas B-negative
bouteille B-negative
vin I-negative
mois I-negative

cuisine B-positive
traditionnelle I-positive


restaurant B-positive

adresse B-positive

risotto B-negative
st I-negative
jacques I-negative

dessert B-positive

service B-positive
endroit B-positive

plat B-positive

endroit B-negative

restaurant B-positive
planchette B-positive

accueil B-positive
service B-positive



carte B-neutral
serveuse B-negative

barman B-positive

formule B-positive

sangria B-positive

plat B-negative

cadre B-positive
cuisine B-negative

vin B-negative

vins B-negative


nourriture B-negative

menu B-positive


plat B-negative
vins B-negative


serveur B-negative
ambiance B-negative
patronne B-negative

service B-neutral
restaurant B-negative

salade B-neutral
tartare B-negative


adresse B-negative

deco B-positive



endroit B-negative

accueil B-positive
service B-negative

service B-negative



service B-negative

personnel B-negative

accueil B-positive
table B-positive

service B-positive

restaurant B-positive

mojito B-negative

produits B-negative

frites B-negative

viande B-negative


patronne B-positive

pate B-negative


musique B-negative
cuisine B-positive
dessert B-negative

boullabaisse B-positive
plateau B-positive
poisson I-positive

restaurant B-neutral

plat B-negative

table B-positive

vins B-positive

musique B-positive
nourriture B-neutral
service B-negative

nourriture B-neutral

boeuf I-negative
carottes I-positive
pommes B-negative
terre I-negative


ambiance B-positive


accueil B-positive

tarte B-negative

table B-positive
dessert I-positive
tarte B-positive
gourmande I-positive


terrasse B-negative

restaurant B-positive

plat B-negative


menu B-positive


foie B-negative
gras I-negative

cave B-positive
ã I-positive
vin I-positive

endroit B-positive

cadre B-positive

vin B-positive

responsable B-negative

oeufs B-negative
mimosa I-negative

tarte B-positive

dorade B-positive
jour I-positive

recettes B-positive
espagnole I-positive

brunch B-positive
accueil B-negative
service B-negative

adresse B-positive


jambon B-negative

service B-positive
table B-positive
lieu B-positive

service B-positive


endroit B-positive
service B-negative


port B-positive

adresse B-negative


formule B-positive

accueil B-positive
assiette B-positive
service B-positive

serveur B-negative


service B-positive

patronne B-negative


accueil B-positive
repas B-positive

pommes B-negative

restaurant B-positive
accueil B-positive
plat B-positive

plat B-negative
principal I-negative

menu B-positive

service B-negative
attente B-negative

restau B-positive
magret B-positive
miel I-positive
personnel B-positive
service B-positive
ambiance B-positive

adresse B-positive
vue B-positive
cuisine B-positive
service B-positive

cuisine B-positive
cadre B-positive
service B-positive

frites B-negative
vin B-negative
blanc I-negative

pizza B-positive

restaurant B-neutral

accueil B-positive
cadre B-positive

plat B-neutral
salade B-negative
dessert B-positive

cuisine B-positive

service B-positive

resto B-negative
ambiance B-negative

plat B-negative

cuisine B-negative

patron B-negative


salle B-positive

management B-negative
attente B-negative
serveuse B-negative
dessert B-negative
patron B-negative

nourriture B-negative

restaurant B-positive

boeuf B-negative
bourguignon I-negative

restaurant B-negative

service B-positive
accueil B-positive

terrasse B-positive
brunch B-positive
service B-negative
serveuse B-negative

monsieur B-negative

restaurant B-neutral
cuisine B-positive



bouteilles B-negative
vin I-negative


poissons B-positive
ã I-positive
plancha I-positive
poissons B-positive

restaurant B-neutral

plat B-positive

bavette B-negative
sauce B-negative
bleu I-negative
salade B-negative

endroit B-positive

endroit B-positive


carte B-negative

service B-positive
serveur B-positive

plat B-neutral
ambiance B-neutral
musicale I-neutral

terrasse B-positive

produits B-positive
plat B-positive
menu B-neutral
plat B-positive


grosse I-negative

cuisine B-neutral

serveur B-negative
sympa B-negative

viande B-negative
frites B-negative

cuisine B-negative

a I-positive
truffe I-positive

salle B-negative
service B-positive

restaurant B-positive

cadre B-positive

paella B-positive

restaurant B-positive
cadre B-positive

nourriture B-neutral

rue B-positive
accueil B-positive
salle B-positive

accueil B-negative
service B-negative

viande B-positive


service B-negative

taverne B-negative

site B-negative
restaurant B-negative

cuisine B-neutral

plat B-negative
personnel B-negative


plat B-positive

restaurant B-positive
ambiance B-positive

cadre B-positive

pizza B-positive

eau B-negative
caraffe I-negative

galettes B-positive

viande B-negative

service B-positive

pizza B-positive
supions B-negative
ã I-negative
persillade I-negative

serveurs B-positive



formules B-positive

restaurant B-negative

bistrot B-positive

cuisine B-positive
service B-positive

verre B-positive

cadre B-positive
repas B-positive

service B-positive
personnel B-positive


restaurant B-positive

accueil B-positive

accueil B-negative


serveuse B-positive
ambiance B-positive


plat B-negative


plat B-negative

restaurant B-positive

serveurs B-positive
serveuses B-positive

riz B-negative
cantonais I-negative

restaurant B-negative
rue B-negative



service B-negative

tarte B-negative
fine I-negative

pomponette B-negative

dessert B-negative

restaurant B-negative

accueil B-positive

service B-positive

bouillabaisse B-positive

crevettes B-positive

service B-negative

assiettes B-positive

escalopes B-negative

tarte B-negative
pommes I-negative


endroit B-negative

cuisine B-positive

cadre B-positive

dessert B-positive


cuisine B-positive

service B-negative

serveuses B-negative
serveurs B-negative
attente B-negative
musique B-negative

serveuse B-positive
endroit B-negative

restaurant B-negative
salade B-negative
chaud I-negative

aliment B-negative


service B-negative
patron B-negative

cuisine B-positive
courgette B-positive
magret B-positive

portion B-positive

puree B-negative

service B-positive


nourriture B-neutral




repas B-negative

accueil B-negative
service B-negative

repas B-positive

plat B-positive

resto B-positive

restaurant B-negative

chef B-neutral
salle I-neutral

accueil B-negative

patronne B-positive

pizza B-positive

adresse B-neutral

cuisine B-positive

vin B-negative

terrasse B-positive
restaurant B-negative

cabillaud B-positive
risotto I-positive
chorizo I-positive

restaurant B-neutral
repas B-neutral

carte B-negative
lieu B-positive

salade B-negative
gourmand I-negative
cadre B-negative
service B-negative

cocktail B-positive
sans I-positive
alcool I-positive
assiette B-negative

cadre B-positive
restaurant B-negative


accueil B-positive
service B-positive

salle B-negative

magret B-positive
canard I-positive
cassoulet B-positive

accueil B-positive

service B-negative

adresse B-positive

ravioles B-neutral
tartiflette B-neutral
crãªpe B-negative
suzette I-negative

saumon I-negative

restaurant B-positive

assiette B-positive
decouverte I-positive
produits B-positive
sangria B-positive

situation B-positive
cadre B-positive

service B-positive

pomme B-negative
terre I-negative

adresse B-positive
cuisine B-positive
produits B-positive

nourriture B-positive
traditionnelle I-positive
aliment B-positive
pieds B-positive
cochons I-positive
vins B-positive

produits B-positive

cuisine B-negative
cadre B-neutral

service B-negative

plat B-neutral
serveur B-negative

sommelier B-positive


salle B-positive

salle B-positive


terrasse B-positive
musique B-positive
cadre B-positive

service B-neutral
assiettes B-positive


serveurs B-positive

serveur B-negative

bagel B-positive

repas B-neutral

restaurant B-positive

salade B-negative
plat B-negative


brunch B-negative

poulpes B-negative

supions B-negative
pommes B-negative
terre I-negative

cuisine B-negative
service B-negative


plat B-neutral
saint B-neutral
jacques I-neutral
risotto I-neutral


cuisine B-positive

menu B-negative

cuisine B-neutral

dessert B-negative

service B-negative

nourriture B-positive
vin B-positive

mousse B-negative
chocolat I-negative

patron B-positive

couscous B-positive

serveurs B-negative

patronne B-negative

volaille B-negative

repas B-neutral

patron B-positive

verres B-negative
vin I-negative
blanc I-negative

endroit B-neutral


dessert B-positive

soda B-negative

bouillabaisse B-positive

carte B-positive
dessert B-positive

carte B-positive
vins I-positive
restaurateur B-positive

service B-negative

cadre B-positive

salade B-negative

accueil B-positive

adresse B-positive

accueil B-positive
service B-positive
menu B-positive

patron B-positive
vins B-positive
tapa B-positive


situation B-positive
cuisine B-negative
mangeoire B-negative
ã I-negative
touristes I-negative

carte B-positive
aliment B-negative
plateau I-negative
fruit I-negative
mer I-negative

cuisine B-neutral
service B-negative


service B-positive

carte B-positive

accueil B-negative

repas B-positive

personnel B-negative

service B-negative

carpaccio B-negative
frites B-negative

patronne B-negative

plat B-positive
cassoulet B-positive
breton I-positive

restaurant B-positive

carte B-positive
galettes B-negative


accueil B-positive

accueil B-positive
service B-positive
vin B-positive
pichets B-positive
coktails B-positive

menu B-neutral
ã I-neutral
euro I-neutral

service B-negative
viandes B-negative

confiture B-positive
maison I-positive
prune B-positive
fenouil I-positive

cuisine B-positive

accueil B-positive
personnel B-positive

cadre B-positive
maison B-positive
ã I-positive
colombage I-positive

viandes B-positive

adresse B-positive
etoile B-neutral

serveuses B-negative

cuisine B-positive

ambiance B-positive
part B-positive
dieu I-positive

menu B-negative
hoummous B-positive
boulettes B-negative

service B-negative
plat B-negative
restaurant B-negative

accueil B-positive
terrasse B-positive
cuisine B-positive

dessert B-negative


plat B-negative

accueil B-negative


accueil B-negative
serveurs B-negative

cuisine B-positive

bouteille B-negative
mets B-negative

sachet B-negative

nem B-negative
poireaux I-negative
bordeaux B-negative
onglet B-negative
polenta I-negative
viande B-negative

ravioles B-positive
pintade B-positive

assiette B-positive

serveuse B-negative

deco B-positive
musique B-neutral


accueil B-positive
service B-positive


patron B-positive

burger B-negative

accueil B-positive

repas B-negative



plat B-positive


pizza B-negative

produits B-positive
service B-negative
accueil B-negative
saint B-positive
jacques I-positive
riz B-negative

serveuses B-negative
serveuses I-negative
service B-negative



service B-negative
plat B-negative

assiettes B-negative
plat B-negative

dessert B-positive


assiettes B-positive
accueil B-positive

adresse B-negative

cuisine B-neutral

nourriture B-positive
plateau B-positive
fromages I-positive

repas B-negative

patron B-negative


service B-positive

cuisine B-positive
accueil B-positive
service B-positive
personnel B-positive


restau B-positive

accueil B-negative
service B-negative

salade B-positive

produit B-positive
hamburger B-positive
frites B-positive
patron B-positive

resto B-positive
grillades B-positive

repas B-positive
rizotto B-positive

resto B-positive
pizza B-positive
plat B-positive


adresse B-positive

nourriture B-negative

service B-positive

frites B-negative

service B-negative
serveur B-negative
bouffe B-negative

cuisine B-negative
poulet B-negative

plat B-negative

repas B-positive

salle B-negative
patrone B-negative
cuisine B-negative

magret B-positive
canard I-positive



glaces B-positive

serveuses B-negative
serveurs I-negative

personnel B-positive

millefeuille B-negative
tomates I-negative
mozzarella I-negative


formule B-neutral

cuisine B-negative
service B-positive

vin B-neutral
dessert B-negative



viande B-negative
fruit B-negative
mer I-negative

serveuse B-negative

tapa B-positive
cocktail B-positive

resto B-neutral

andouillette B-positive
frites B-positive

cheeseburger B-negative

rognons B-positive
sauce B-negative
garniture B-negative

service B-positive
salle B-positive


resto B-positive
accueil B-positive
serveur B-positive
repas B-positive

emplacement B-positive
restaurant B-negative
serveur B-negative
cuisine B-negative
assiettes B-negative
assiette B-neutral
charcuterie I-neutral
andouillette B-negative
pomme I-negative
terre I-negative


service B-positive
ambiance B-positive
produits B-negative

service B-negative


service B-positive
bistro B-neutral

ambiance B-positive
personnel B-positive
plat B-negative
gigot B-negative

plat B-negative

resto B-negative

accueil B-positive


restaurant B-neutral
plat B-positive

burger B-negative
frites B-negative
service B-positive

nourriture B-negative


accueil B-negative

accueil B-positive

moelleux B-negative
chocolat I-negative


cocktail B-negative
vin B-positive

lieu B-positive

serveurs B-negative

lieu B-positive

accueil B-positive

plat B-negative

service B-neutral

restaurant B-positive

nourriture B-negative

truffes I-positive


menu B-negative

cuisine B-positive
produits B-positive

accueil B-positive

adresse B-positive
cuisine B-positive

cuisine B-positive
produits B-positive


service B-positive
patron B-positive
serveur B-positive

personnel B-negative


menu B-negative

plat B-negative


serveurs B-positive

service B-positive

menu B-positive

restaurant B-positive
vue B-positive
personnel B-positive

tiramisu B-positive

cuisine B-positive
carte B-positive

dorade B-negative
chorizo I-negative

carte B-negative

mal B-negative
manger I-negative

vin B-negative

nourriture B-positive


restaurant B-neutral

endroit B-positive

pot B-positive
feu I-positive
joues I-positive
boeuf I-positive

cuisine B-neutral

restaurant B-negative

viande B-positive

cuisine B-neutral

terrasse B-positive


restaurant B-negative



salade B-negative

verre B-negative

service B-negative
cadre B-positive
carte B-positive
vins I-positive
assiettes B-negative

assiette B-negative

menu B-positive
midi I-positive
plat B-positive


restaurant B-negative

restaurant B-positive

service B-negative
carte B-negative


serveuse B-negative

poisson B-negative

produits B-negative



resto B-positive

terrasse B-positive

endroit B-positive

veau I-positive

assiette B-negative
corse I-negative

art B-positive
dit I-positive
vin I-positive


terrasse B-positive
restaurant B-positive



serveur B-negative

fromage B-negative

accueil B-negative
service B-negative
carte B-positive
plat B-negative


repas B-negative


restaurant B-positive


salle B-negative
entrecote B-negative

dessert B-positive

restaurant B-positive

cadre B-positive

responsable B-negative

cuisine B-negative
plat B-negative

plat B-positive
saison I-positive

pommes B-negative
terre I-negative
citron B-negative
tiramisu B-negative

service B-negative
serveuse B-negative



restaurant B-positive

adresse B-positive

lieu B-positive

restaurant B-negative

frites B-negative





cuisine B-positive

menu B-neutral

restaurant B-negative


rognons B-negative


viande B-negative
buffet B-negative
service B-negative

choix B-negative

escargot B-positive
o B-positive
ã I-positive
moelle I-positive
bourguignon B-positive

dessert B-negative

assiette B-negative
charcuterie I-negative

espace B-negative
iounge I-negative


ã I-negative
pizza I-negative

serveurs B-negative

attente B-neutral

assiettes B-negative
tapa I-negative

emplacement B-positive
service B-positive

plat B-negative

accueil B-negative

serveuse B-negative

accompagnements B-negative


prix I-neutral

restaurant B-negative

endroit B-positive

assiette B-positive

bo B-negative
bun I-negative
båuf B-negative

croque B-negative
monsieur I-negative
salade B-negative

fraisier B-negative

pommes B-negative
terres I-negative
carottes B-negative
sauce B-negative


produits B-positive
frites B-positive
salade B-positive
dessert B-positive

chocolat B-positive
chaud I-positive

plat B-negative

cadre B-neutral
port B-neutral
touristique I-neutral

ambiance B-positive
deco B-positive

server B-negative
patron B-negative

dessert B-positive
cheesecake B-positive
toblerone I-positive

restaurant B-negative

serveurs B-positive

plat B-positive

sauce B-neutral
mayonnaise I-neutral

terrine B-positive
viande B-positive
vins B-positive
beaujolais I-positive




emplacement B-positive


attente B-negative
sauce B-negative
ravioles B-negative


accueil B-negative

attente B-negative
serveur B-negative

adresse B-positive

service B-negative
cuisine B-negative

chipirons B-negative
ã I-negative
assiette B-neutral
pãªcheur I-neutral
produits B-negative

musique B-negative

carte B-positive
glaces B-positive
jardin B-positive


sauce B-positive
blanche I-positive


service B-positive


responsable B-positive

veau B-negative

plat B-positive

carte B-negative


cadre B-positive
odeur B-negative


terrasse B-positive
place B-positive

service B-neutral
cuisine B-neutral

limoncello B-negative

plat B-neutral
service B-neutral
ambiance B-neutral

service B-negative

restaurant B-neutral

poisson B-positive
portion B-positive
sauce B-positive

plat B-positive


ambiance B-negative

histoire B-positive
lieux I-positive

moules B-negative

restaurant B-neutral

restaurant B-negative

cassoulet B-negative
cuisine B-negative

pizza B-positive

viande B-negative

service B-positive
cocktail B-positive


ambiance B-positive




cidre B-positive

plat B-negative
jour I-negative

restaurant B-negative

restaurant B-negative

terrasse B-positive


server B-negative

serveur B-negative


formule B-positive
tapa I-positive

assiettes B-positive

dessert B-positive

carte B-positive
vins I-positive
vin B-negative

menu B-negative

produits B-positive
cheesecake B-positive

serveur B-negative
directeur B-negative



